[Users] SofaRobotics: adds workbenches (#72)
SofaComplianceRobotics/docs-support: docs/Users/SOFARobotics/GUI-user-manual.md

<img className="centered" src={lightmode} alt="GUI in light mode" width="100%"/>
<figcaption>Play/Pause/Step buttons and driving tab selection</figcaption>

The software consists of three main components: a simulation **3D viewport**, where you can visualize the simulated robot, **workbenches**, and a series of **windows** that provide various functionalities.

### Overview of the Workbenches

> **Workbenches** can be considered as a set of windows and functionalities specially grouped for a certain task. There are three workbenches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Workbenches** can be considered as a set of windows giving access to functionalities specially grouped for a certain task. There are three workbenches:
```
